 > His campaign to destroy Moriarty's network continued, he repeatedly found himself pacing frenetically around a variety of hotel rooms, bedsits and safe houses, relating aloud his progress in tracking down the latest of Moriarty's eight lieutenants, destroying each segment of the consulting criminal's web and ensuring that John would never be in danger again.

 > Even in Tibet, when Sherlock talked aloud about how he had brilliantly tracked down Moriarty's only female lieutenant and found her hiding – of all places – in a monastery high in the Himalayas

 > "Will you not take any of the credit?" Inspector Prakesh asked him in the corridor outside the room where he had held his press conference. "This was all down to you.

 > With six of Moriarty's lieutenants taken out, Lars Trepoff was the penultimate leader remaining at large. In a moment of luck for Sherlock and Mycroft, Trepoff's wife – no saint herself, actively involved as she was with her husband's wrongdoings – died in a fluke accident while she was alone in her house and MI6 immediately pounced after her body had been brought to the morgue, planting false evidence to make it look as if she had been murdered. Knowing that a single judge could easily be corrupted, Mycroft pulled in many favours amongst his German counterparts to have Trepoff tried by a jury, setting in place stringent protection of each of the jurors so that none of them could be blackmailed before or during the trial. He then included his brother as a member of the jury under a false identity so that Sherlock could persuade the rest of the jurors that Trepoff was indeed guilty of his wife's murder

 > if only the next few days had been as easy. Shortly after his arrival in Amsterdam, Sherlock was informed that word had finally been received of a possible location of Baron Maupertuis. Having spent the last fifteen years masquerading as the respectable business head of the Netherland-Sumatra Company, the Baron had made the mistake of keeping the company going after he went on the run. A new branch of the firm had suddenly opened in Romania, so it seemed likely that he was somewhere nearby. He wouldn't be stupid enough to actually base himself near the offices but he must be somewhere in that part of Europe. There was only one person who might be persuaded to reveal the Baron's current location, and later that day Sherlock was on a train to Brussels.